PURPOSE:

To provide a resource for shared understanding on the desired coding standards for
TSS devs on the projects to be executed

LANGUAGE:

Javascript ES5+. This means that the absolute minimum acceptable language features
MUST come from JS ES5. ES5 is the ‘trunk of the tree’ to which useful features
from ES6,7 and 8 can be added as desired.

SPACES vs TABS:

Set your IDE/Text Editor to use 2 spaces for tabs, this allows indentation to be
consistent across the codebase.

STYLE GUIDE:

Since JS allows us to be very expressive it's easy to become confused on best practices.
I highly recommend the airbnb style guide (https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).
Above all it's fundamental that we use descriptive names for variables
(whether they’re constants, mutables or functions).

COMMENTS:

If the flow of the code is non intuitive, ensure that you begin the function or
module with a description of the expected behaviour.

QUOTES:

Be consistent - single or double quotes may be used as desired but consistency is key.

MODULE ORGANIZATION;

The following organization for a module (assuming use of express as the web app framework) is recommended:

Pragma statement declaration
Dependencies declaration
Module variables declaration
Module configuration declaration
Middleware pipeline
Helper functions
Module functionality
Module export

MODULE EXPORTS:

The 2 main artifacts we export are objects and functions. We export objects when
the module is completely self contained and functions when external dependencies MUST be injected.

PROJECT DEVELOPMENT WORKFLOW:

The recommended workflow is based on several philosophies: -
7Ps - Proper Previous Planning Prevents Pitifully Poor Performance: Thus we document
and plan our project archi before coding
make it work, make it right, make it fast.
DOTW: Do One Thing Well
KISS: Keep the code as simple as possible
YAGNI: Avoid preemptive abstractions - if the dbase target is mongodb, code with
expectation of using mongodb and do not complicate the codebase by abstracting
the dbase driver application

PROJECT DEVELOPMENT CHECKLIST:

Use this list
(https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oWAsBOwHgFsatdHesUdY5TD1kdD25C4cTggnIuOPgaM/edit?usp=sharing)
to ensure your project is following the standards and processes determined by the
Lead developers on both sides of the world.
